The company doesn't really have oomph in their product on the face of it, how
can you really make a projector cool, maybe you can and maybe they will but in
itself to make a major business might be really hard. The company also has a
bad history of repeated failures.

They did seem to have assembled a team of very experienced people this time
around, all ex-Microsoft and Amazon. Though that does not say much in Seattle.

What I did well in the interview?

I think I talked well, though I might have talked a little too much. Do not
discuss personal things/nature/habits in interviews, just judge from the
outside.

What I did NOT DO well in the interview?

     Interview with HR Stacey Stovall
         1. I shouldn't have told her about shyness, probably makes me
            look not collaborative, which is so important in a startup.
         2. I shouldn't have criticized Microsoft and my team.

     Tech Interview with Gavin Cheng
         1. This was the worst tech interview I gave with this company.
         2. I did not really do well on solving the problem as well as writing
            the code.
         3. Never say you have understood something if you haven't.
         4. It seems to me I am slow at understanding solutions which seem
            clear to people in their heads.
         5. Coding question was,
            start:hit
            end: dog
            dictionary: hot,got,cot,cog

            Find a way from start to end if there exists one in the
            dictionary, you can only change one letter at a time.

      Tech Interview with Zhike,
         1. This interview went well according to me, I did not come up with
            the most efficient solution, however I did compe up with a working solution. I
            need to develop better clarity of thought and focus in these interviews.
         2. The question was to retrieve any number of bits from a boundless
            buffer.
            int getbits(numofbits) where BYTE *pbuffer is a global buffer.

       Tech Interview with Monica Catunda
         1. She just talked as a program manager, I am not sure what was she
            trying to judge. I thought it went well from a technical
            perspective. She had worked at MS for 19 years before joining
            Compound.
         2. She asked me questions like,
            a. Did I have to ever backtrack on my design during
               implementation.
            b. What is the hardest problem you have worked on recently?

       Interview with Carlos (VP, Software)
         1. This was the worst interview I gave to a management person.
         2. I was too tired by this time, I should have had a soda or
            something, some kind of energy booster. Never keep interviews on
            Tuesday

         3. Questions he asked were,
            a. Where do I see myself when I grow up, (personally I feel that
               is an unprofessional way of asking questions, but I guess that is startup culture.)
            b. I was not prepared well for asking questions to him. I need to
               go with a better plan for these interviews.

